What a container?
 A container is a way to package applications with everything they need inside of the package,
 including the dependencies and all the configurations necessary. And that package is portable.
 
 A package can be easily shared and moved around between a development team and operations team.
 And that portability of containers plus everything packaged in one isolated environment gives it some of the advantages that make the development and deployment process more efficient.
 
 What is a container technically?
a container is made up of images. So we have layers of stacked images on top of each other. And at the base of most of the containers, 
you would have a Linux based image, which is either Alpina with a specific version or...
it could be some other Linux distribution. And it's important for those base images to be small. 
So on top of the base image, you would have an application image. Usually, you would have these intermediate images that will lead up to the actual application image.

How to run docker locally
After Installing the docker, open cmd and type 'docker run <name of docker image>:<if want you to specify the version>'.
There are so many docker images are present in the docker hub publicly.
https://hub.docker.com

Some of the docker commands:
docker pull
docker run
docker ps
docker run --options
docker stop
docker start
docker ports, docker port mapping
docker logs
docker exec -it

'docker ps' command:
 Docker command to list the running containers by us.
'docker run' command:
creates a container from a given image and starts the container using a given command
'docker start/stop' command:
To restart the container, and to stop the container.

'docker run' command:
creates a container from a given image and starts the container using a given command.
'docker run -d' command:
To run the container in detached mode.
'docker run -p' command:
To change the port number if the two or more container has the same port number.

If want to change the container name then type:
docker run -d -p60001:6379(ports) --name redis(new name) redis:4.0(old name)
